Katacoda scenarios for modules collection using localstack (#273)
hashicorp/katakoda: terraform-use-modules/step4.md

> Like resources, you can destroy resources provisioned using modules using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like any other resources, you can destroy resources provisioned using modules using 
```

`terraform destroy`.

> Run `terraform destroy`{{execute}} to destroy the VPC and EC2 modules provisioned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `terraform destroy`{{execute}} to destroy the resources provisioned
```
